You're the reason God created the middle finger.
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
You bring everyone so much joy when you leave the room.
I may love to shop but I will never buy your bull.
I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one.
Someday you'll go far. I hope you stay there.
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes.
You should really come with a warning label.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'm guessing it's hard to pronounce.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
It's kind of hilarious watching you try to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
I will ignore you so hard you will start doubting your existence.
Feed your own ego. I'm busy.
I'll never forget the first time we met. But I'll keep trying.
You're a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
You are so full of shit, the toilet's jealous.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Stupidity isn't a crime, so you're free to go.
I've been called worse by better.
Don't you get tired of putting makeup on your two faces every morning?
Too bad you can't Photoshop your ugly personality.
Do your parents even realize they're living proof that two wrongs don't make a right?
Jesus might love you, but everyone else definitely thinks you're an idiot.
Please just tell me you don't plan to home-school your kids.
You see that door? I want you on the other side of it.
You're like the end pieces of a loaf of bread. Everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
If you're going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Your face makes onions cry.
Don't worry about me. Worry about your eyebrows.
Where'd you get your clothes, girl, American Apparently Not?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're not stupid! You just have bad luck when you're thinking.
Isn't there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?
I'd slap you but I don't want to make your face look any better.
Have a nice day, somewhere else.
Everyone's entitled to act stupid once in a while, but you really abuse the privilege.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.
Your family tree must be a cactus ‘cause you're all a bunch of pricks.
If I threw a stick, you'd leave, right?
Somewhere out there, there's a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
You look like a ‘before' picture.
Light travels faster than sound which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
Hold still. I'm trying to imagine you with personality.
You are the human version of period cramps.
Don't get bitter, just get better.
What doesn't kill you, disappoints me.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Hey, your village called – they want their idiot back.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
I am returning your nose. I found it in my business.
Good story, but in what chapter do you shut up?
There are some remarkably dumb people in this world. Thanks for helping me understand that.
You're about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
You'll never be the man your mom is.
You need a kiss on the neck from a crocodile.
 May both sides of your pillow be uncomfortably warm.
Your kid is so annoying, he makes his Happy Meal cry.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear it's a beautiful day.
Child, I've forgotten more than you ever knew.
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
I've been called worse by better.
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon.
Your ass must be pretty jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
People like you are the reason I'm on medication.
Earth is full. Go home.
Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn't be enough to blow your hat off.
Your only purpose in life is to become an organ donor.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Grab a straw, because you suck.
Hey, you have something on your chin. No, the 3rd one down.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parent's job.
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Me neither.
Were you born on the highway? That is where most accidents happen.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
That sounds like a you problem.
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything!
I told my therapist about you.
You're my favorite person… besides every other person I've ever met.
I envy people who have never met you.
You're impossible to underestimate.
If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth.
People like you are the reason God doesn't talk to us anymore.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
You’re a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
We were happily married for one month, but unfortunately, we’ve been married for 10 years.
Your kid is so annoying he makes his Happy Meal cry.
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But I’ll keep trying.
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies! How silly of me.
I only take you everywhere I go just so I don’t have to kiss you goodbye.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
Our kid must have gotten his brain from you! I still have mine.
Your face makes onions cry.
The only way my husband would ever get hurt during an activity is if the TV exploded.
You look so pretty. Not at all gross today.
It’s impossible to underestimate you.
insults, best comebacks, good roasts: two women are laughing over a beer
Pexels
Her teeth were so bad she could eat an apple through a fence.
I’m not insulting you; I’m describing you.
I’m not a nerd; I’m just smarter than you.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parents’ job.
Your face is just fine, but we’ll have to put a bag over that personality.
You bring everyone so much joy… when you leave the room.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
Don’t worry about me. Worry about your eyebrows.
You are the human version of period cramps.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
I’d rather treat my baby’s diaper rash than have lunch with you.
Don’t worry — the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
I may love to shop, but I will never buy your bull.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
OH MY GOD! IT SPEAKS!
“Check your lipstick before you come for me.” — Naomi Smalls, RuPaul’s Drag Race
“It looks like she went into Claire’s Boutique, fell on a sale rack, and said, ‘I’ll take it!’” — Bianca Del Rio, RuPaul’s Drag Race
“Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?” — Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Oblivion
“Go back to Party City, where you belong!” — Phi Phi O’Hara, RuPaul’s Drag Race
“Where’d you get your outfits, girl, American Apparently Not?” — Trixie Mattel, RuPaul’s Drag Race
“Impersonating Beyoncé is not your destiny, child.” — RuPaul, RuPaul’s Drag Race
“Don’t get bitter, just get better.” — Alyssa Edwards, RuPaul’s Drag Race
Child, I’ve forgotten more than you ever knew.
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
I know you are, but what am I?
I see no evil, and I definitely don’t hear your evil.
You have miles to go before you reach mediocre.
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would ya?
Bye, hope to see you never.
Complete this sentence for me: “I never want to see you ____!”
Remember that time you were saying that thing I didn’t care about? Yeah… that is now.
I was today years old when I realized I didn’t like you.
N’Sync said it best: “BYE, BYE, BYE.”
Wish I had a flip phone so I could slam it shut on this conversation.
How many licks till I get to the interesting part of this conversation?
Wow, your maker really didn’t waste time giving you a personality, huh?
You cute. Like my dog. He also always chases his tail for entertainment.
Someday you’ll go far… and I really hope you stay there.
Oh, I’m sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
You bring everyone so much joy! You know, when you leave the room. But, still.
Oops, my bad. I could’ve sworn I was dealing with an adult.
Did I invite you to the barbecue? Then why are you all up in my grill?
I’m an acquired taste. If you don’t like me, acquire some taste.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
Yeah? Well, you smell like hot dog water.
*Thumbs down*
That sounds like a you problem.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Oh, you don’t like being treated the way you treat me? That must suck.
“I’ve been called worse things by better men.”
Well, the jerk store called. They’re running out of you.
“What, like it’s hard?” — Elle Woods, Legally Blonde
Sorry, not sorry.
I’m busy right now; can I ignore you another time?
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
No matter how much a snake sheds its skin, it’s still a snake.
Some people are like slinkies — not really good for much, but they bring a smile to your face when pushed down the stairs.
You’re the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
Of course I’m talking like an idiot… how else could you understand me?
Are you almost done with all of this drama? Because I need an intermission.
I’d give you a nasty look, but you’ve already got one.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
I’d agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
Since you know it all, you should know when to shut up.
Life is full of disappointments, and I just added you to the list.
I treasure the time I don’t spend with you.
I was going to make a joke about your life, but I see life beat me to the punch.
The last time I saw something like you… I flushed.
If I wanted to get on your level, I'd be at least ten stories underground.
If I were to jump from your ego down to your IQ I would not survive.